Improve BI tutorial (#530)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorials/bi.adoc

After downloading the JDBC Neo4j Connector for BI from the https://neo4j.com/download-center/#integrations[Download Center]:

. Close any running instances of Tableau Desktop.
. Copy the Neo4j driver JAR file into the appropriate Tableau `Drivers` folder.
* Use `C:\Program Files\Tableau\Drivers` on Windows.
* Use `~/Library/Tableau/Drivers` on macOS.

> If the folder is not immediately visible, select `Go -> Go to Folder` in the Finder application to open the folder manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the folder is not visible, select `Go -> Go to Folder` in Finder to open the folder manually.
```

. Start Tableau and search for the `Other Databases (JDBC)` option.
. Insert the Aura URL as `jdbc:neo4j://xxxxxxxx.databases.neo4j.io?SSL=true`, leave the SQL dialect as `SQL92`, and complete the relevant credentials.

> After the connection is established, you can select the `neo4j` database and the `Node` schema to find the `Person` table.

Reviewer: But this is in case the user's database has nodes labeled as Person. If it's a dataset about something else or with different labels, that would be also different, right? Maybe it's also the case to mention that you need a database with data in it in order to be able to see anything, not an empty database.

Author: This is already covered in the second paragraph, "Preparing example data". Isn't it clear enough?

You can then explore the table to find the example data.

==== Troubleshooting

> If the connection fails with a `Generic JDBC connection error`, make sure you installed the Neo4j driver in the correct location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the connection fails with a `Generic JDBC connection error`, check if you installed the Neo4j driver in the correct location and then:
```

> After this, you can do one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
